 Press KitContactImpressum Download Press Kit <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/pUsprNYfxw0?si=iP6QtM2oMabvoB-v" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe> Fact Sheet Developer: Randwerk Games Release:2026 Platforms:PC (Steam, Windows)Engine:Unity 6 Website:Wanderburg.com Social Media:BlueSKY ‪@randwerk.com‬Instagram @randwerkgamesTikTok @randwerkDiscord https://discord.gg/DU5Ty8HzTtYoutube RandwerkLinkedin Randwerk Contact:Formular Or message any of our social media channels.Please don’t hesitate to ask if you have questions not answered on this page! About the Game Wanderburg is a minimalist open-world roguelike in an ecosystem of Castles on Wheels. Consume, grow bigger, upgrade your modules, and survive! Unlock new weapons, build your castle, and discover the procedurally generated map. Gameplay – A fresh take on the survivors-formula with more active gameplay, elements of Spore, Agar.io and even Sid Meier’s Pirates! – Players control a castle on wheels that will eat everything in front of it. The vehicle-fortress can be expanded with weapon modules like cannons, a wizard tower, explosive mines and many more! – Action-rich gameplay with vehicle maneuvers, ability-timing and satisfying driving. – The modules can be upgraded in a Survivors-like progression system. – The castle grows bigger and bigger after defeating bosses. – New modules and vehicles can be unlocked between runs. – Different biomes can be explored.Setting– Set in an ecosystem of castles on wheels, a medieval shark-tank of predatory fortresses hunting peaceful villages – there’s always a bigger fish!– Anachronistic Technology like Knights on Bikes, Steam-Powered Siege-Engines and Castles firing broadsides like a Pirate-Ship– Fantastical, huge vehicles like in Mortal Engines or Howl’s Moving CastleFeatures– Multi-Input: Playable with mouse, touchscreen, keyboard, or controller– Ready-for-Potato: Highly optimized performance for low-fi machines– Handheld-readable artstyle: Good on small and big screens About Randwerk Randwerk is the first German worker-coop Game Studio. The founders Till, Friedrich and Johannes met in University, where they worked together on a project that became their first commercial game: “ABRISS – Build to Destroy”. The game went on to sell on Steam, Playstation and Xbox and won the German Computer Game Award for best Graphics in 2023 and was nominated for “best student game” at the independent games festival AWARDS. Now that they’re finishing up their studies, the trio is working on Wanderburg. Randwerk is supported by the Medienboard Berlin-Brandenburg Media Fund and the DE:HIVE Institute Berlin. Why a worker coop?We think that a working environment where real, legal equality is guaranteed will complement the flat hierarchy common in Startup-Businesses wonderfully. Our goal is to have a workplace where we can be as productive and creative as we want to be, and all profit the company makes will either be reinvested or distributed evenly to the members. We want to try if this old organisational technology combined with modern ways of digital cooperation will let us work in new, interesting and healthy ways. We hereby grant permission to use all text, images, GIFs and videos in this presskit, the entire Wanderburg.com website as well as the randwerk.com website and all downloadable content on these sites for journalistic purposes. 